Hello, my name is Matt. I am happy to begin Programming for Web Applications. 

1. The best way to contact me is either by AIM (mattboy115) or through the FSO. You can also contact me through my Full Sail email (mclee1@fullsail.edu) but I don't check that as often as the other two. The best time to contact me is at night past 8pm EST.

2. I love a challenge. I tend to do things the hard way on purpose because the way of least resistance is too easy. I speed solve Rubik's Cubes and I'm always looking for ways to do it faster. I'm never happy unless I'm learning something new. That's why I love Web Development. It always present's a challenge to me for me to figure out.

Even before I got serious into development, I had some previous experience. Around 2010 I posted comics to a site called Drunkduck.com and at the time they allowed you to customize your comic viewing pages with html. I seemed to be the only person on the site with any ability to figure out html on my own. Anyway the site doesn't use that function anymore and instead has a page template editor. I was kind of sad about that.

Then last year I got into serious programming with Code Academy and similar sites.

3. One place I've always wanted to work at was the Google location in The Dalles, OR where I used to live. I'm hoping to move back there someday and with my new Development skills I should be qualified at least for an intership. I wasn't qualified for anything before because while I had computer science knowlege I didn't have any documentation. I also have plans to have my own freelance business building sites. 

4. My biggest challenge was getting through Designing for Web Standards I. That instructor's expecations were way too specific.

5. I guess I've already answered the first part of this quetstion. My editor of choice is Sublime Text.

6. Yes I have. I have added DeveloperFia as a collaborator now.

7. I will be dedicating as much time as possible. I have to classes this month. I struggle to get time for classwork as it is but I should still be able to do my work.